td the exit of the locker room with this
old-fashioned hanging a little bit
between david roumieu the captain
brianna arnaud mela of tension and
a first period marked and well by
an anthology of the front of faults
two sides there is dyeing ya of the
nervousness are also faults to
the image of this plating a little pot of
brian oman on marvin o'connor the
gag the brivists have played in
numerical inferiority and there is also
scorers although they are not in
success like this kick
missed facing the posts by the bayonnais
martin bustos moyano the brivists them
and well are a little bit impatient they
manage to cross the curtain after a
half an hour is guillaume namy who will
find there a small gap
we will start again in the focus with
koyamaibole but there is a little bit of
the precipitation delay
we want to score points is in the image
of this drop completely missed eh well the
brivists who plays a little bit 0 to 0
that's the score at the break is to score
of football well yes it was a score
today on a rugby field of
running to sleep a little bit
supporters so keep the balloons do not
not rushing here are the instructions
given by the coaches of both
teams at the break
the beginning of the second period and well what
will be an advantage to the brivists who
will attack the image of this attack
guillaume namy the three quarters wing
you see your place pury claim that his
former scott spedding teammate
today back of bayonne is a
little shemale speeding that goes
find the support of mike phillips but
there is defensive pressure and
brivists who will make the effort to
stay on their supports are in good
position to recover the balloon this is
does jean baptist pejoine the half of
scrum will lift his head there in the hour
who is well guillaume namy nos
three-quarter wing that will mark the
first try of this meeting
guillaume namy who was at the origin of
this attack and that marks there is well
the first try of the meeting after
50 minutes
the opening of the score in this
encounter it is brive who is rather
well away
bustos moyano will reduce the score 7 to 3
and brive
diminished well adapted they are in
trust they are led by the
bulldoze the Fijian koyamaibole who
arrived took a fixing point
support to the brivists we will be able to
finally put volume actually put
of rugby just a point of
fixing with the relay of the third
pejoine line and who will fix the defense
Bayonne defense Bayonne and well
that they resist the Brive attacks
but there on this four game time
inches from the in-goal holy germain
which makes a point of fixation
we will alternate after going through
a game of forwards and well we will see that
three quarters are replaced mignardi
who will have time to raise his head
he will find himself chicken and it is a
second try for brive rites that
takes the advantage 12 to 3
they are at a test of the offensive bonus
uib we pass the transformation 14 to 3 qu
there is my ball and who gets a fan
of passion ensures kossoko be a hen
who marks a try that's fine for
brilliant on the other hand well coaches to
gag the duo lanta deylaud
do not appreciate the excitement
posted by bayonne and especially that
brive will take off
they are always taken away by incredible
calf and drop that will allow and
well to the Correzians to finish
quietly meet 17 to 3 the
trio of coaches with this drop of
roman sola 17 to 3 the trio of coaches
Corrèze godignon box said carbo one
understands that victory is gained
17 to 3 bayonne has a single goal on
the last five minutes and well of
score the test to finish in the
points
in the point of the defensive bonus they go
so rely on a game a little bit
restrictive but they will still
get to take this bonus point
defensive through a test this is a
advanced gerd muller the south pillar
African who will propel and well everything
that its mass in the in-goal and record
is the only Bayonne test in this
match 17 to 10 final score bonus point
defensive for bayonne victory of brive
brive who knows that in the race to
keep it will be stupid